---
marp: true
---

# Q01. Introduction to Refactoring

---

## Question 1

It involves improving the internal structure of code without altering its external behavior.

What is this?

---

**Answer:**


---

## Question 2

(T/F) Bug fixing is considered refactoring.

---

**Answer:**


---

## Question 3

(T/F) Adding new features is considered refactoring.

---

**Answer:**


---

## Question 4

What are the two essential companions for refactoring?

---

**Answer:**


---

## Question 5

This is a list of the main goals of **refactoring**.  
Which one is **wrong**?

- **Making bug fixing easy** - refactoring helps make bug fixing easier
- **Making feature addition easy** - refactoring helps maintain code simplicity when adding features
- **Improving runtime performance** — refactoring mainly improves performance  

---

**Answer:**


---

## Question 6

This is a list of common **code smell keywords**.  
Which one is **wrong**?

1. **Duplication**
2. **Too long**
3. **Too many**
4. **Too public**
5. **No matching name**
6. **No OOP like**
7. **Low performance**

---

**Answer:**


---

## Question 7

What are the two important refactoring rules?

---

**Answer:**


---

## Question 8

What is this explains the relationship between this and refactoring?

Without this, we cannot effectively refactor code. This is the **guideline** to refactor code.

---

**Answer:**


---


## Summary

We have 8 questions on this page.

1. How many questions did you answer? ( / 8)
2. What percentage of questions did you answer? (  %)
3. List question numbers that you cannot answer:
4. (Optional) Explain why you could not answer these questions.
